br/unicamp/projprat3/Vaga.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.Vaga
br/unicamp/projprat3/Empresa.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.Empresa
br/unicamp/projprat3/RetrofitConfig.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.RetrofitConfig
br/unicamp/projprat3/VagaAplicada.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.VagaAplicada
br/unicamp/projprat3/BuildConfig.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.BuildConfig
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/Usuario.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.Usuario
br/unicamp/projprat3/GridViewVagaUsuarioAdapter.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaUsuarioAdapter
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaUsuarioAdapter$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityPerfilEmpresaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityPerfilEmpresaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ItemVagaUsuarioBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ItemVagaUsuarioBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityPerfilUsuarioClicadoBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityPerfilUsuarioClicadoBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityPerfilUsuarioBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityPerfilUsuarioBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityCadastroPessoaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityCadastroPessoaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityCriarVagaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityCriarVagaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/PerfilUsuarioClicado.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuarioClicado
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuarioClicado$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/DialogPesquisaAreaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.DialogPesquisaAreaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/TelaVaga.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaVaga
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ItemAplicacaoPendenteBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ItemAplicacaoPendenteBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityCadastroEmpresaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityCadastroEmpresaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/GridViewUsuarioAdapter.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewUsuarioAdapter
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewUsuarioAdapter$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityTelaPrincipalEmpresaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityTelaPrincipalEmpresaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityTelaVagaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityTelaVagaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ActivityTelaPrincipalUsuarioBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ActivityTelaPrincipalUsuarioBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ItemUsuarioPesquisaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ItemUsuarioPesquisaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/GridViewVagaAdapter.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAdapter
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAdapter$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/databinding/ItemVagaPesquisaBinding.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.databinding.ItemVagaPesquisaBinding
br/unicamp/projprat3/TelaPrincipalEmpresa.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$3
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$4
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$5
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$6
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$7
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalEmpresa$8
br/unicamp/projprat3/CadastroEmpresa.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroEmpresa
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroEmpresa$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroEmpresa$1$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/PerfilUsuario.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuario
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuario$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuario$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilUsuario$3
br/unicamp/projprat3/TelaLogin.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin$3
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin$3$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaLogin$3$2
br/unicamp/projprat3/GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$1$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$1$1$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$1$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$2$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$2$1$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.GridViewVagaAplicadaAdapter$2$2
br/unicamp/projprat3/CadastroPessoa.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroPessoa
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroPessoa$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CadastroPessoa$1$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/TelaPrincipalUsuario.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$10
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$10$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$11
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$12
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$13
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$3
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$4
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$5
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$6
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$7
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$8
 br.unicamp.projprat3.TelaPrincipalUsuario$9
br/unicamp/projprat3/PerfilEmpresa.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilEmpresa
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilEmpresa$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilEmpresa$2
 br.unicamp.projprat3.PerfilEmpresa$3
br/unicamp/projprat3/CriarVaga.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CriarVaga
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CriarVaga$1
 br.unicamp.projprat3.CriarVaga$1$1
br/unicamp/projprat3/VagaAInserir.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.VagaAInserir
br/unicamp/projprat3/Service.java
 br.unicamp.projprat3.Service
